this song is well overdue the song under
pressure by Queen drummed by Roger data
by the way that was the drum solo from a
visible man if you can get them to take
the reference
and Roger plays this signature lick of
his there's only a few drummers in the
world you could say have signature drum
licks and Roger Taylor has his own it's
this idea where he's opening and closing
the hi-hat very subtly very quickly like
a little bark a little sharp bark so you
strike the snare drum hi-hat together
open hi-hat and it closes on the e very
quickly the sixteenth note after it for
E and before the next hi-hat is played
do if you're feeling 1 & 2 & 3 & 8 & 1 &
2 & 3 & 4 the end and like I say it's
very hard to approximate exactly ways
he's pulling it that NASA sort of feel
you want to get a little sharp quick
sixteenth note buck and if you aim to
close the hi-hat foot before the next
hi-hat it struck with the hand that will
sound pretty close and then we got this
really sweet little section where Roger
follows the vocalist mr. Bowie and mr.
mr. mercury kind of follows the lyrics
but better yet the did their debt one
and two and three and four and one and
two three and four bit faster one and
two and three and one
oh now I've given you a suggested
sticking I'm going to work with that
suggested sticking right left right left
how I wouldn't actually play I might
change it instinctively as I'm playing
you can do the same I'm not sure what
hands Roger place but these stickings
tend to feel feel kind of comfortable
for me but of course you can change and
use your own sticking if I insist
because you don't know be thinking about
stuff like that when you're playing
drums do only be just playing and
feeling from the heart this into the
song rather than worrying about is it my
right or my left hand that comes down
now turn the light on to and the medium
Tom - on the floor Tom into a crash
cymbal the pulse is one two three or one
two three two three four one and two and
three and that's how you hit it
sixteenth note triplets before we play
the whole thing up to speed then let me
play for you both lines at a slow tempo
sounds like this one - OH
just-just of a point of interest closer
like I'm clapping along to this song in
the car whatever and also you always get
thrown where those clicks come back in
but here it is it comes back in on the
backbeat as you expect it to on beats
two and four the very last bar so
there's last three bars just this is
just for fun really them to learn this
part care about it one two three four
fading out into the distance